[AGENT-4337] Add Airflow DAG example Uploading Dataset to AICatalog and Creating Project (#14)
datarobot/airflow-provider-datarobot: README.md

### [Operators](https://github.com/datarobot/airflow-provider-datarobot/blob/main/datarobot_provider/operators/datarobot.py)

- `UploadDatasetOperator`

    Uploading local file to DataRobot AI Catalog and return Dataset ID.
 
    Required config params:

        dataset_file_path: str - local path to training dataset

    Returns a dataset ID.

- `CreateProjectOperator`

    Creates a DataRobot project and returns its ID.
 
    Several options of source dataset supported:
  
   - Creating project directly from local file or pre-signed S3 URL. Required config params:

          training_data: str - pre-signed S3 URL or local path to training dataset
          project_name: str - project name

      In case of an S3 input, the `training_data` value must be a [pre-signed AWS S3 URL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/using-presigned-url.html).

      For more [project settings](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html#project) see the DataRobot docs.

      Returns a project ID.
  

>    - Creating project from existing dataset in AICatalog, using dataset_id from config file. Required config params:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Creating project from existing dataset in AI Catalog, using dataset_id from config file. Required config params:
```

Reviewer: Docs us a space for this term.

>           training_dataset_id: str - dataset_id corresponding to existing dataset in DataRobot AICatalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          training_dataset_id: str - dataset_id corresponding to existing dataset in DataRobot AI Catalog
```

          project_name: str - project name

      For more [project settings](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html#project) see the DataRobot docs.

      Returns a project ID.

>    - Creating project from an existing dataset in Datarobot AICatalog, using dataset_id coming from previous operator. 

Reviewer 2: should be `DataRobot`

>    - Creating project from an existing dataset in Datarobot AICatalog, using dataset_id coming from previous operator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Creating project from an existing dataset in DataRobot AI Catalog, using dataset_id coming from previous operator. 
```
